---
layout: page
title: Community
---

Titan is built by, and for, the developer community. We welcome anyone to join
in the discussion and evolution of Titan.

Titan is an open source community that leverages GitHub for many community
interactions. The primary repository is
[titan](https://github.com/titan-data/titan), but [other
repositories](https://github.com/titan-data) exist, including the server
implementation, this documentation, and more.

## Getting Help and Sharing Ideas

If you'd like to connect with Titan community members, you can join the
community slack channel at [titan-data.slack.com](https://titan-data.slack.com).
To join, head over to [join.titan-data.io](https://join.titan-data.io) and
submit your email address to get an invite.

The slack workspace is a great place to connect with other users, developers,
and maintainers for the project. You can ask for help in `#help`, connect
with Titan developers in `#dev`, or share ideas or creations in `#general`.

## Reporting Issues and Feature Requests

If you encounter an issue, or have a clear idea for an improvement, you can
submit an issue through GitHub. The process is covered in more detail in the
contributing guidelines for the project, most of which follow the [Community
Guidelines](https://github.com/titan-data/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
Issue templates will help guide you in providing the right information.

## Contributing Improvements

Titan is an open community that welcomes contributions from anyone that is
interested in improving the Titan project. Contributions should follow the
guidelines for the appropriate GitHub repository. Most follow the [Community
Guidelines](https://github.com/titan-data/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
with repository-specific instructions for building and testing.

## Code of Conduct

Titan is a community that is focused on fostering an open and welcoming
environment. We pledge to making participation in our project and our community
a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size,
disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race,
religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

All community interactions, regardless of whether they are on Slack, on GitHub,
or at an event, are subject to the Titan [Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/titan-data/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
